Remove 'Monitoring jobs' to reflect the redesign of the job invocation details page in web UI (#3058)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_executing-a-remote-job.adoc

You can execute a job that is based on a job template against one or more hosts.

[NOTE]
====

> Ansible jobs run on batches of 100 hosts, so you cannot cancel a job running on a specific host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible jobs run in batches on multiple hosts, so you cannot cancel a job running on a specific host.
```
No reason for specific numbers :)

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if the user can cancel the whole batch in mid flight.

Author: The best I'm willing to do about this is to create an issue for your question :) Would that work @Lennonka? (I'm just moving the note from the module I propose to delete so I'm not familiar with the background; I can only assume it's the result of a past doc bug fix.)

Reviewer: Probably not necessary until a customer asks for it :) Thanks

----
+
Replace `_My_Search_Query_` with the filter expression that defines hosts, for example `"name ~ _My_Pattern_"`.

.Additional resources

> * For more information about creating, monitoring, or canceling remote jobs with hammer, enter `hammer job-template --help` and `hammer job-invocation --help`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information about creating, monitoring, or canceling remote jobs with Hammer CLI, enter `hammer job-template --help` and `hammer job-invocation --help`.
```

We capitalize "Hammer": https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#capitalization

CLI is probably optional.
